 version control
Benefits of version control
Version control systems are a category of software tools that help a
 software team manage changes to source code over time. Version control
 software keeps track of every modification to the code in a special 
kind of database. 
Software developers working in teams are continually writing new source 
code and changing existing source code. The code for a project, app or 
software component is typically organized in a folder structure or 
"file tree". One developer on the team may be working on a new feature
 while another developer fixes an unrelated bug by changing code, each
 developer may make their changes in several parts of the file tree.

Version control helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking 
every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent 
concurrent work from conflicting. Changes made in one part of the
software can be incompatible with those made by another developer
working at the same time. This problem should be discovered and 
solved in an orderly manner without blocking the work of the rest of 
the team. Further, in all software development, any change can introduce
new bugs on its own and new software can't be trusted until it's tested.
So testing and development proceed together until a new version is ready.

Good version control software supports a developer's preferred 
workflow without imposing one particular way of working. 
Ideally it also works on any platform, rather than dictate what 
operating system or tool chain developers must use. Great version 
control systems facilitate a smooth and continuous flow of changes to 
the code rather than the frustrating and clumsy mechanism of file 
locking - giving the green light to one developer at the expense of 
blocking the progress of others.

Software teams that do not use any form of version control often run 
into problems like not knowing which changes that have been made are 
available to users or the creation of incompatible changes between two 
unrelated pieces of work that must then be painstakingly untangled and 
reworked. If you're a developer who has never used version control you 
may have added versions to your files, perhaps with suffixes like 
"final" or "latest" and then had to later deal with a new final version.
Perhaps you've commented out code blocks because you want to disable 
certain functionality without deleting the code, fearing that there may
 be a use for it later.
 Version control is a way out of these problems
